Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, camera on.
Okay, so.
Before we do any of that, of talking about Jesus to them...
Our focus is get to know them, become friends with them.
and spend time with them. So...
Um... For the most part, they know we're coming from the Christian background. They already know that.
So for them to kind of agree to meet us or hang out with us.
They know that uh... in the word Christian, we're not hiding you know anything like
Um...
Yeah open door you can come in.
Um... and often whenever we do some games activities together kind of thing,
or before meal we pray, right?
So they not, they were kind of exposed to that, which they probably never had in the past.
But they don't say anything about that, but
So after we start developing relationships with them,
So, I don't know. Depends on, depends on the um...
Uh...
situation but I
You know, I'm, I'm not hiding anything, so I kinda like
from my Christian perspective, you know, we'll talk about this and that.
um... And I to say, did you guys...
So in, in a regular conversation, I just...
My way. Oh, you know.
I believe in this and the Bible says this and stuff.
Nothing to kind of go against them, but introduce how I think.
about certain things, you know.
And they're pretty open to hear that, hear that and...
Um...
So this, first so they came in like this group that we're hanging out with
They, they came around September or mid- late August
right? and then... we already kind of connected with them because um...
We have a student who came from last year.
Introduced some of the new students to us prior to them coming to the U.S.
Over zoom
or actually we have a group of a um... missionaries in Osaka.
because they're from Osaka area too. That's school that we're kind of engaging with.
Um... they, some of them already met the missionaries from Osaka.
Because these previous students...um
who was home staying with the Christian families. We, we know them.
So that's two students introduce some of the new students that have come over.
to the missionary that, who's who's doing the ministry in Japan.
in Osaka. So they, they met.
And then they've been told, oh, there are people like us.
in Long Beach, so you should connect with them.
Alright. So, we've been doing this for a long time, too. That's one of the things.
We're maybe uh... 20 years we're doing this, right? so...
So it's it's pretty. So we have kind of network
Oh. um... system thing going on here.
But, so by the time they come, they know we're Christians.
We're not hiding anything like that, and then...
As we get to know who they are. We, we let them know who we are.
and then just in a more natural way we start to talk about
the Bible. And we start talking about, you know
When the time is right, I introd... I talk about you know, what the Bible belief.
Sometimes they do ask me, like, what is the Bible? What, what does that mean?
And, who is Jesus kind of thing. And I
of course I'll let them know who is behind it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Question. Yeah.
Also I, I need to feel them
I don't do a kind of cold turkey evangelism or anything like that. Uh...
Because naturally it come
in our conversation. And uh...
because my whole purpose is get to know them. I want to be the support.
And I wanted to be their friend. And
let's spend time the difficult part is
Scheduling my time with them. Because
you know, um right now I only have time on weekends. And
Usually Wednesdays, like tonight? I usually use this to hang out with the...
uh... with the students at night because I work till five o'clock, right?
I come back, I go out there and pick them up and have some coffee or something like that.
And I hang, I tried to hang out with them on during the week.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And because they have no car, they can't really go anywhere else. So,
I picked them up. Go to the... kind of nice.
coffee shop kind of thing that they don't usually go to.
So we kind of hang out there and talk about what's going on and stuff like that. So,
and of course I'm a lot older than they are because
their age, their parents are the same age as me.
You know, my my daughter is same age as them.
So, so it's been. So, yeah, so things have changed in my life
So I'm like, oh, I'm their parent's age now, you know. But
But yeah, it seems pretty cool. They're pretty open
Um...
Actually, I do have one of the students who's already a believer.
yeah he became a believer
uh... last year uh... through
you know Christian ministry that he was kind of involved in
uh so i bring him on with me and then so that
He's still a baby Christian so...
I'm hoping that I'm being a model for this.
this guide to how to talk about Christianity or Jesus to
other Japanese because you know I think he needs to get the exposure.
So I'm trying to be the... might be to model him. Model for him.
And things like that.
Yeah.
That's the whole goal yeah so we're trying to make them um...
So when they are returning, we were making sure that we had,
they they already...
Oh.